
Exercises, String:

String1. Write a Java program to get the character at the given index within the String.
    
String2. Write a Java program to get the character (Unicode code point) at the given index within the String.
		 
String3. Write a Java program to get the character (Unicode code point) before the specified index within the String. 
 
String4. Write a java program to count a number of Unicode code points in the specified text range of a String.

String5. Write a java program to compare two strings lexicographically

String6. Write a java program to compare two strings lexicographically, ignoring case differences.

String7. Write a Java program to concatenate a given string to the end of another string.

String8. Write a Java program to test if a given string contains the specified sequence of char values.

String9. Write a Java program to compare a given string to the specified character sequence.

String10. Write a Java program to compare a given string to the specified string buffer. 

String11. Write a Java program to create a new String object with the contents of a character array.

String12. Write a Java program to check whether a given string ends with the contents of another string.

String13. Write a Java program to check whether two String objects contain the same data.

String14. Write a Java program to compare a given string to another string, ignoring case considerations.

String15. Write a java program to print current date and time in the specified format.

	N.B. : The current date and time will change according to your system date and time.

	Sample Output:
		Current Date and Time :                                                                                       
		June 19, 2017                                                                                                 
		3:13 pm 

String16. Write a Java program to get the contents of a given string as a byte array.

String17. Write a Java program to get the contents of a given string as a character array.

String18. Write a Java program to create a unique identifier of a given string.

String19. Write a Java program to get the index of all the characters of the alphabet.

String20. Write a Java program to get the canonical representation of the string object.

String21. Write a Java program to get the last index of a string within a string

	Sample string of all alphabet: "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."

String22. Write a java program to get the length of a given string.

String23. Write a Java program to find whether a region in the current string matches a region in another string.

String24. Write a Java program to replace all the 'd' characters with 'f' characters.

String25. Write a Java program to replace each substring of a given string that matches the given regular expression with the given replacement
	
	Sample string : "The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog."
	In the above string replace all the fox with cat.

String26. Write a Java program to check whether a given string starts with the contents of another string. 

String27. Write a Java program to get a substring of a given string between two specified positions.

String28. Write a Java program to create a character array containing the contents of a string.

String29. Write a Java program to convert all the characters in a string to lowercase.

String30. Write a Java program to convert all the characters in a string to uppercase. 

String31. Write a Java program to trim any leading or trailing whitespace from a given string.


